Battlefield - A plain engine of today, became plain. meaning an empty world Class simulation with real weapons and real ballistics and ability to adjust Using GoDot.

GoDot (Germany & Japan) Ty for allowing The Juvals To live. so they see me conquering the Planet of Battlefield.

GoDot allows full 3d game development not just a mod utility for battlefield.
I truly believe this is a first in the gaming industry that the IP is shared of 80% decent ways to change the Core. which Battlefield probably stricts about 10% to 15% more of the Adjustable matter.

leaving the Users with above 50% of a shared content management and disterbution. As an obvious the product of Battlefield is purchased for a price. Godot be Freeware. 

This collaboration in the Gaming world was not allowed. as it leads to many open holes of redistributing the same product and making an active real time affiliate.

Using a Mod today purchased with subscription, updates be monthly. so you always get one free month.

I believe this in the Gaming world is not Allowed. yet like Mp3s, Napster, Torrents, Ransome, Dark Web. All are in stoppable. Vilians be caught later (Always)

The ability then to surprass the movements of War are easy and we are able to do it plus the Ai variations and emotional movie like streams to touch even a robot heart. by Fact Hollywood made all of us Cheer and Cry and then we saw Chineese Films and Russians and Bollywood. Enabling the prestige of well presented ideas constant and with muscles of endless horizons same as the eyes of this girl I know.

Physics say.
something that happened once. will happen again. Ultimately forever.

removing the Historic facts with Better Fake News History for the Youth? Awesome.
if it works. then yes. if it won't then we get adults who knows of fake history and no life lesson learnt. as if I tell my children when they are 40's that the Movement of Earth is not real and here is the real one, unlocking the pass to knowledge and fierce understandings of the worlds nature. Then to accept it and digist it is almost like becoming it. Pain be phantom when it is gone?
Maybe. Once the pain stopped do we miss it or just something that feels Connected to us and we automated habits of it.

Philosophy in our current stage of
Wasm. NtSync. Cpus. Npus. Tpus. GPUs.
Linux and Godot.

I will TRY CATCH to save the planet.
is achievable.

how?

presenting the solutions to players.
they enlist in a few years.
they are children.
education.
good games with lots of fun and lots of learning educative materials about weapons, team work, competition, ai use an Ai real time bots to help you.
releasing the Mind of the old concepts.

AI can do anything right about now with all the current tools we have already and mastered ourself from code to art to movies to narrotate and commentary and translate. all Digital jobs now are taken by Ai. 

Movies Becomes Real. (We knew it, Ai proved it)
as What Dreams May Come (Movie Reference)

Killing People in Multiplayer Gaming.
Experiencing Car Accidents in GTA.
Getting a University Degree from Home using a Mini PC with Ai Enhanced chips and Ram. easier then ever. Human effort is still needed.

Battlefield shows a great weekend studies also off time off work off real time.

gaming through studies and studies trough gaming.

First job of new Coders be, create a Bot to play against you in Battlefield.
Then create a team of individual bots.
invite your friends and foes to come and learn a life lesson and a tactical assastment.

Since Battlefield Allows mod adaptation from an All Around Game Engine + Ai.
All war stories and history lessons could simply move to it. Facted by Students attention to details and roleplay.

Saving Private Ryan (Movie Reference) be the right one for America to experience as during school. allowing quizzes and questions about Us Martial Laws about Orphans and or Mother's whom are about to lose all of her sons.

A perfect Hollywood exaggerated mission.
True stories, Selection for adoptive +1 lessons in the next set of lines of Hollywood movies.

This made me think of soldiers lives and their Mom appreciatiom to the Officers and Politicians who enlisted then to fight A legit war. To guard your brothers. and to try and not kill rather then to kill. 

This emotional state of Saving Private Ryan be almost as the real scanerio where 9 11 twins collapsed and people jumped out.

Humanity 2.0 will present Individual Flying, Hovering and Landing Suits.
The right kind of Parachutes for all Matrix (Movie Reference) Roof Jumps.

Education is most important now.
Battlefield and Godot allows this availability together with Ai.
Future of Game Development might be a Battlefield Computer, that is modded and played as an Os. that we play only Battlefield modded games. 

Godot is a freeware and Open source.
availability of Ideas & Education be haransting a fully Triple AAA Graphics and Physics Music and Realism plus the Arcade fun of it.

GoDot will be branched here hopefully completly as an open source add-on to GoDot for experience. Adjusting it to Battlefield maybe even more. obviously the approx 50% availability to mod is A 25 years of experienced Multi Player gaming and Mayhem.

Physics Education should be a Battlefield Extra. Enabling more then just In side class room experiment and enabling also Ballistics as an extra educational program.

In a country with weapons.
First thing to teach your children is the dangerous actions of guns and how to use them and also to train them. 

Man Up.



